fix(docs): general updates (#406)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/data-table/usage.mdx

### Sorting

> Improve table usability by making data sortable. Sort controls are located in the column headers and indicated with an arrow icon. Sort has three states: un-sorted (`arrows`), sorted-up (`arrow--up`) or sorted-down (`arrow--down`). The icon is only shown if sort is activated and indicates the current sorted state. Only the column being sorted should display an icon with un-sorted icons only visible on hover. You can see a demo of this in Carbon’s [React Storybook](http://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/datatable--with-sorting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make data sortable to improve table usability. Sorting controls are located in the column headers and indicated with an arrow icon. A sorted has three states: unsorted (`arrows`), sorted-up (`arrow--up`) or sorted-down (`arrow--down`). The icon indicates the current sorted state and is only shown if sorting is activated. Only the column being sorted should display an icon, and unsorted icons are only visible on hover. You can see a demo of table sorting in Carbon’s [React Storybook](http://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/datatable--with-sorting).
```

### Sorting

Make data sortable to improve table usability. Sorting controls are located in the column headers and indicated with an arrow icon. 

A sorted data table has three states: unsorted (`arrows`), sorted-up (`arrow--up`) or sorted-down (`arrow--down`). The icon indicates the current sorted state and is only shown if sorting is activated. Only the column being sorted should display an icon, and unsorted icons are only visible on hover. You can see a demo of table sorting in Carbon’s [React Storybook](http://react.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/story/datatable--with-sorting).

<div className="image--fixed">

> ![data table with sorting](images/data-table-usage-13.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Data table with sorting](images/data-table-usage-13.png)
```

</div>

> <Caption>Sorting on data tables.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Caption>Sorting on data tables</Caption>
```
